add image as header ../assets/img/formheader.png


Evaluation Summary & Feedback	


Activity Name (Dont add "AME Evaluation:" before "Activity Name")


Commitment to Continuous Institutional Excellence				


Dear Participant: Greetings from the Quality Assurance Office! This is the Activity Evaluation Form/ Client Satisfaction Survey to the activity you have just participated. This Monitoring and Evaluation implementation was presented and approved by the Administrative Council last March 11, 2024 to ensure the quality implementation of all PAPs (Programs/Activities/Projects) of NBSC. We are interested in knowing your feedback on the activity and we would appreciate it if you could take a few seconds to complete this form. Your comments will enable us to continuously improve the Quality Management System of Northern Bukidnon State College in our programs/activities/projects. Thank you very much and God bless you abundantly! Sincerely, The Quality Assurance Office 							
				

Data Privacy and Consent Statement							
Before proceeding with this form, please read the following information regarding how your data will be collected and used. By completing this form, you agree to provide the requested information voluntarily. The data collected will be used solely for the purpose of collecting feedback for improvement of the quality of service of the Quality Assurance Office and will not be shared with third parties without your consent, unless required by law. All personal information will be handled with strict confidentiality and stored securely. Only authorized individuals will have access to your data. Your responses will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purpose and will be disposed of properly thereafter. You have the right to access, correct, or request deletion of your personal data at any time. If you have any concerns or questions about how your information is being used, you may contact us at qame@nbsc.edu.ph. By proceeding, you confirm that you have read and understood this statement and consent to the collection and use of your data as described above.					
-Yes, I acknowledge				
-Opt out				
						

--NEXT SECTION--
Section 1: Profile				
Description			
				
Email Address*

Full Name (Last Name, First Name, Middle Initial)

Age*				

Contact Number*

Unit / Office / Division*

Gender*
-Male
-Female
-Others


--NEXT SECTION--
Section 2 of 7				
Section 2: Quality Assessment						
				
I. Overall Service Rating				
General success of the totality of the activity execution				
Poor				
1				
2				
3				
4				
5				
Excellent		
	
Section 3 of 7				
Speaker Rating: Speaker 1					
				
II. Performance: Speaker 1*
1 (Poor)	2	3	4	5 (Excellent)
Expertise and Delivery
Mastery of Topic
Interaction & Engagement
General Impact

Section 4 of 7				
Speaker Rating: Speaker 2								

II. Performance: Speaker 2*				
1 (Poor)	2	3	4	5 (Excellent)
Expertise and Delivery				
Mastery of Topic				
Interaction & Engagement				
General Impact		
				
Section 5 of 7				
Program & Methodology				

III. Evaluation Results*				
1 (Poor)	2	3	4	5 (Excellent)
Program Flow				
Program Contents				
Relevance to Objective				
Future Applicability

Section 6 of 7				
Management & Logistics							
				
IV. Logistics*				
1 (Poor)	2	3	4	5 (Excellent)
Secretariat Service				
Logistics/Venue				
Timing/Scheduling				

Section 7 of 7				
Feedback & Suggestions							
				
Which of the topics did you like BEST? Why?*				
Which parts could be improved? (Least Liked)*

Overall Experience*				
Poor				
1				
2				
3				
4				
5				
Excellent				
